docs: clarify subdomain-url (#193)
ipfs/gateway-conformance: docs/commands.md

| Input | Availability | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|---|

> | gateway-url | Both | The URL of the IPFS Gateway implementation to be tested. | http://localhost:8080 |

Author: nit: let's use non-localhost one, avoid confusing with localhost subdomain host:

```suggestion
| gateway-url | Both | The URL of the IPFS Gateway implementation to be tested. | http://127.0.0.1:8080 |
```

#### Subdomain Testing and `subdomain-url`

> The `subdomain-url` parameter is utilized when testing subdomain support in your IPFS gateway. It can be set to any domain that your gateway dedicated and safelisted for [Subdomain gateway](https://specs.ipfs.tech/http-gateways/subdomain-gateway/) feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `subdomain-url` parameter is utilized when testing subdomain support in your IPFS gateway. It can be set to any domain that your gateway has dedicated to and safelisted for the [Subdomain gateway](https://specs.ipfs.tech/http-gateways/subdomain-gateway/) feature.
```

> The `subdomain-url` parameter is utilized when testing subdomain support in your IPFS gateway. It can be set to any domain that your gateway dedicated and safelisted for [Subdomain gateway](https://specs.ipfs.tech/http-gateways/subdomain-gateway/) feature.
> During testing, the suite sends HTTP requests to the `gateway-url` while setting HTTP `Host` header value to be based on the parent domain name from `subdomain-url` to simulate Subdomain requests.

Reviewer 2: I'm still confused why we don't just send requests to the subdomain, but this is more clear about whats being done. Maybe a slight improvement:

```suggestion
The `subdomain-url` parameter is utilized when testing subdomain support in your IPFS gateway. It can be set to any domain that your gateway dedicated and safelisted for [Subdomain gateway](https://specs.ipfs.tech/http-gateways/subdomain-gateway/) feature.
During testing, the suite sends HTTP requests to the `gateway-url` and  sets the HTTP `Host` header value to the parent domain name from `subdomain-url` to simulate Subdomain requests.
```

Author: The reason is that the hostname is meaningless in complex deployments of  HTTP, it is usually some internal IP, and the `Host` header is what decides where request is routed. 

We test what actually matters and decides about routing, and if that works, we know simple setups will work too.
